you
hello I'm Bob Harris we're here at the
home of Laurie and Kevin Higgs in
Carrollton Georgia Lori thanks a lot for
having us good to see you
well we're downstairs in the basement
and I got to tell you this floor looks
awesome did a great job I appreciate it
now I'm curious what was the motivation
I mean this is a pretty interesting and
certainly unique floor so what was the
inspiration for choosing a floor like
this the rest of the house is very
formal it's all tile and I'm one of the
downstairs to be a little more casual
not quite so formal this is where the
kids hang out and play pool and watch TV
and so I wanted to go a little more not
so formal and I wanted to stamp concrete
floor thinking I wanted black and white
swirl until I got to your workshop and I
saw just all the different all the
different things that you could do well
it's really interesting like like Laurie
mentioned she originally was wanting a
black and white floor and when she came
to our studio she had seen some of the
possibilities and the different options
available with these decorative concrete
flooring systems and she chose a stamped
overlay and so basically this floor is
roughly 3/4 of an inch thick and what we
did to get some of these elements we
actually use pink foam three quarters of
an inch and we attached the foam to the
floor first we then poured the floor the
stamped overlay floor and from there
built up to it and we remove the foam
and we put River pebble and filled that
back flush with epoxy but there's some
other interesting elements let's talk
about what what some of these elements
here I see some white little chunks of
marble it appears yeah these are
actually pieces of tiles from my
bathroom upstairs and one day when I
came over Bob had sent Ron to the
dumpster I think dumpster diver like
what is he doing that tile and so Bob
had the great idea of nothing going to
waste so they chipped the tile up from
my bathroom and inlaid that in the floor
as well down beside the river and I see
some little chunks of blue glass in this
white rock let's talk about this white
rock well what's amazing is when I got
involved warehouse and saw what I wanted
about a week later you said can you come
back again
have an idea and so I did and took me
back to the back of his workshop and
when the lights he he didn't tell me
anything that was gonna happen he had a
piece of concrete and they lowered the
lights in the workshop and all of a
sudden the piece of concrete started to
glow and I was I gotta have that
whatever it is I've got to have that in
this form so you probably are better to
explain with that yes than I am I just
said I gotta have it
well we thought it would be fun to when
they turn the lights out kind of like
this little flow of glow-in-the-dark
aggregate that follows the river and in
fact when the lights go down it's a
pretty cool element to have it does glow
in the dark I'm curious you've been in
the home now for four or five months
let's talk about maintenance are you
satisfied that is it meeting your
expectations yes once again the concrete
is just very easy maintenance hot water
a very good of hot water and a mop and
just some good arm strength that's what
we used to keep the floor clean if the
kids drop anything on it once again I
have teenagers so they know just get a
hot rag and wipe it up very easy
maintenance so I'm wanting to have this
water look I love water and so Bob also
had it almost when people come down the
steps they just look and think they're
feasting walk into it really walk into a
river Bob also had the idea of putting
the stepping stones to the side and I
just think that made that makes the
wheel well it looks beautiful and I got
a compliment you on your design I see
there's some other stuff with your
countertops and the wall so
congratulations it looks awesome and
they see it you did a great job thanks
for having us come to your house